Benny was tired. 
Not the normal every day tired from a hard day of work. 
The exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move.  
The only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived. 
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes.  
David had promised that he would be on time today. 
He never was, but he had promised this one time. 
She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week. 
Now she was paying the price. 
There was a time when he would have embraced the change that was coming. 
In his youth, he sought adventure and the unknown, but that had been years ago. 
He wished he could go back and learn to find the excitement that came with change. 
The words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks. 
That blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind. 
She was the first and it was not clear this would also be her last.
I just look online to buy it. 
It's really as simple as that. 
The day had begun on a bright note. 
There was no way to anticipate what was about to happen. 
It was a worst-case scenario and there was no way out of it.
The alarm went off and Jake rose awake. 
Rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain. 
It really shouldn't have mattered to Betty. 
Why was she trying to convince herself otherwise? 
Peter always saw the world in black and white. 
There were two choices for every situation and you had to choose one of them. 
She had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears. 
Of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her. 
Before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to.
Eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea. 
"It's a delicacy in Japan," didn't seem to make it any more appetizing. 
Raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not. 
He collected the plastic trash on a daily basis. 
Although it was a futile effort that would never be done. 
He continued to pick up the trash each day.
She sat in the darkened room waiting. 
It was now a standoff. 
He had the power to put her in the room, but not the power to make her repent. 
It wasn't fair and no matter how long she had to endure the darkness. 
She wouldn't change her attitude. 
At three years old, Sandy's stubborn personality had already bloomed into full view.
He couldn't move. His head throbbed and spun. 
He couldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night.
It was probably a combination of both. Sometimes it's just better not to be seen. 
That's how Harry had always lived his life. 
He prided himself as being the fly on the wall. 
That's why he was so shocked that she noticed him.
Debbie knew she was being selfish and unreasonable. 
She understood why the others in the room were angry and frustrated with her. 
In her eyes, it didn't really matter how they felt because she simply didn't care.